c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.pdb
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.XamarinQrCodeCamera.apk
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.XamarinQrCodeCamera-Signed.apk
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Vision.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\obj\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\obj\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.pdb
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\obj\Debug\android\bin\XamarinQrCodeCamera.XamarinQrCodeCamera.apk
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\obj\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll.mdb
c:\users\reale\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XamarinQrCodeCamera\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.XamarinQrCodeCamera.apk
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.XamarinQrCodeCamera-Signed.apk
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Vision.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\android\bin\XamarinQrCodeCamera.XamarinQrCodeCamera.apk
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\res\layout\codeselection.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master\obj\Debug\android\assets\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.XamarinQrCodeCamera.apk
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.XamarinQrCodeCamera-Signed.apk
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Compat.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.UI.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Core.Utils.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Fragment.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Media.Compat.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Vision.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.pdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\android\bin\XamarinQrCodeCamera.XamarinQrCodeCamera.apk
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\res\layout\codeselection.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\obj\Debug\android\assets\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll.mdb
C:\Users\user\Desktop\XamarinQrCodeCamera-master — копия\bin\Debug\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll
bin\Debug\Mono.Android.pdb
bin\Debug\mscorlib.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Core.pdb
bin\Debug\System.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Xml.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.pdb
bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.pdb
bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.pdb
bin\Debug\Mono.Security.pdb
bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\XamarinQrCodeCamera.dll.mdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Android.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\mscorlib.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Core.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Xml.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Xml.Linq.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Net.Http.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.Runtime.Serialization.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.ServiceModel.Internals.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\Mono.Security.pdb
obj\Debug\linksrc\System.ComponentModel.Composition.pdb
